Curate Product Management Topic (#1924)
github/explore: topics/product-management/index.md

---
aliases: pm
display_name: Product Management

> short_description:  pm is a way to organize the planning, production, marketing, and tasks related to the creation, and distribution of a product.

Reviewer: What do you think about rewording this to be something like this? 💭 

```suggestion
short_description:  Product management is the planning, production, marketing, and tasks related to the creation and distribution of a product.
```

Author: much cleaner thanks for suggestion
